README.md, before:

# Debugging Practice

## What is it?

Debugging Practice is an app that can randomly add bugs to files so that people learning to program can practice debugging those bugs in a context where they can get hints and help and where the bugs can be automatically removed if they can't figure them out.

## How do I use it?

Download the latest release on [the releases page](https://github.com/kickstartcoding/debug_trainer_app/releases) and start it up!

## Stack

Debugging Practice runs on the [Tauri](https://tauri.studio) platform using a front-end composed mainly of Elm code with a bit of Typescript to tie it together.

## Development

Since auto-reloading the complete app including Tauri can be unreliable, for most changes you can just run the Elm front-end via the `npm run dev:web:elm` command. If you need to test out the file read/write capabilities as well, you'll need to run it with `npm run dev` which will run [elm-live](https://www.elm-live.com/), [Parcel](https://v2.parceljs.org/), and the [Tauri](https://tauri.studio) backend all at once.

## Building

`npm run build` will build the final app.

Commit message:

changes name to "Debug Trainer" and various layout improvements

README.md, after:

# Debug Trainer

## What is it?

Debug Trainer is an app that can randomly add bugs to files so that people learning to program can practice debugging those bugs in a context where they can get hints and help and where the bugs can be automatically removed if they can't figure them out.

## How do I use it?

Download the latest release on [the releases page](https://github.com/kickstartcoding/debug_trainer_app/releases) and start it up!

## Stack

Debug Trainer runs on the [Tauri](https://tauri.studio) platform using a front-end composed mainly of Elm code with a bit of Typescript to tie it together.

## Development

Since auto-reloading the complete app including Tauri can be unreliable, for most changes you can just run the Elm front-end via the `npm run dev:web:elm` command. If you need to test out the file read/write capabilities as well, you'll need to run it with `npm run dev` which will run [elm-live](https://www.elm-live.com/), [Parcel](https://v2.parceljs.org/), and the [Tauri](https://tauri.studio) backend all at once.

## Building

`npm run build` will build the final app.
